:keywords:	  Linux, Ruby, Python, Web Development, Security, Technology
:description: Exit Status One is a compilation of information about +
			  Brenton Earl, his life, his projects, and how to get in +
			  contact with him.  Brenton Earl is an open source +
			  developer working with Linux, Ruby, and Python.

About the Author
-----------------

My name is *Brenton Earl*.  The following is meant to be a brief summary 
of my skill set and my philosophy about Technology.  If you wish to 
contact me, my information is http://exitstatusone.com/contact.html[here].

.Education and Experience	
In college I trained as a Network Engineer and System Administrator.  
Out of necessity I taught myself how to program in Ruby, Python, and 
Bash. My training also includes best practice security techniques 
while working with GNU/Linux systems and Microsoft Windows systems 
in small to medium sized networks.

I have professional experience administering Debian Linux and CentOS 
Linux servers in the Enterprise.  Occasionally, I develop web 
applications for various clients, which yields intermediate experience 
in XHTML/HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ruby on Rails, and 
http://www.sinatrarb.com/[Sinatra].  At home I administer several 
Slackware Linux physical and virtual installations which are used to 
organize my open source projects for testing and development.

.Philosophy
I prefer the freedom offered by open source software.  Very rarely 
do I use proprietary operating systems. I believe that all software 
should be free.  I also believe that the very nature of 
open source communities allow the Information Technology industry 
to grow.  Open source allows technology fields of all types to 
flourish in ways that would never be possible if society strictly 
relied upon proprietary software companies.  I whole heartedly 
believe that developers that do not share their source code are 
only impeding progress.

I enjoy expanding my knowledge. I make an effort to learn as much 
as I can about technology each day.  For this very reason I involve 
myself in open source projects to contribute in any way my skill set 
allows.  I do not contribute because I wish to receive credit or 
compensation.  I contribute as a result of my passion for 
technology. I gain immense satisfaction in helping others.  
Contributing to open source projects allows me to feel a great 
sense of pride in what I know and in my work.
